Add support for running AWS - EC2 commands on all accounts (#31416)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-EC2/Integrations/AWS-EC2/README.md

| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.VolumeId | string | The ID of the volume that was used to create the snapshot. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.VolumeSize | number | The size of the volume, in GiB. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.OwnerAlias | string | Value from an Amazon-maintained list of snapshot owners. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.Region | string | The aws region were the snapshot is located. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.Tags.Key | string | The key of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.Tags.Value | string | The value of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.AccountId | string | The ID of the AWS account with which the EC2 instance is associated. This key is only present when the parameter "AWS organization accounts" is provided. | 

### aws-ec2-describe-launch-templates

***
Describes one or more launch templates.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-launch-templates`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | LaunchTemplateNames | One or more launch template names. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 
> | LaunchTemplateIds | One or more launch template IDs. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LaunchTemplateNames | A comma-separated list of launch template names. | Optional | 
| LaunchTemplateIds | A comma-separated list of launch template IDs. | Optional | 
```

### aws-ec2-describe-key-pairs

***
Describes one or more of your key pairs.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-key-pairs`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | keyNames | One or more key pair names. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| keyNames | A comma-separated list of key pair names.  | Optional | 
```

***
Describes the specified EBS volumes.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-volumes`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | volumeIds | One or more volume IDs. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| volumeIds | A comma-separated list of volume IDs. | Optional | 
```

### aws-ec2-describe-vpcs

***
Describes one or more of your VPCs.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-vpcs`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | vpcIds | One or more VPC IDs. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vpcIds |A comma-separated list of  VPC IDs.  | Optional | 
```

### aws-ec2-describe-subnets

***
Describes one or more of your subnets.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-subnets`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | subnetIds | One or more subnet IDs. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subnetIds | A comma-separated list of subnet IDs.  | Optional | 
```

### aws-ec2-describe-security-groups

***
Describes one or more of your security groups.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-security-groups`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

> | groupIds | One or more security group IDs. Required for security groups in a nondefault VPC. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| groupIds | A comma-separated list of  security group IDs. Required for security groups in a nondefault VPC.  | Optional | 
```

> | groupNames | One or more security group names. Sepereted by comma. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| groupNames | A comma-separated list of  security group names. | Optional | 
```

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| AWS.EC2.ElasticIPs.AllocationId | string | The ID that AWS assigns to represent the allocation of the Elastic IP address for use with instances in a VPC. | 
| AWS.EC2.ElasticIPs.Domain | string | Indicates whether this Elastic IP address is for use with instances in EC2-Classic \(standard \) or instances in a VPC \(vpc\). | 

> | AWS.EC2.ElasticIPs.Region | Unknown | The aws region where the elastic IP is located. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.EC2.ElasticIPs.Region | Unknown | The AWS region where the elastic IP is located. | 
```

| instanceId | The ID of the instance. For EC2-VPC, you can specify either the instance ID or the network interface ID, but not both. The operation fails if you specify an instance ID unless exactly one network interface is attached. | Optional | 
| allowReassociation | For a VPC in an EC2-Classic account, specify true to allow an Elastic IP address that is already associated with an instance or network interface to be reassociated with the specified instance or network interface. Otherwise, the operation fails. In a VPC in an EC2-VPC-only account, reassociation is automatic, therefore you can specify false to ensure the operation fails if the Elastic IP address is already associated with another resource. Possible values are: True, False. Default is False. | Optional | 
| networkInterfaceId | The ID of the network interface. If the instance has more than one network interface, you must specify a network interface ID. | Optional | 
| privateIpAddress | The primary or secondary private IP address to associate with the Elastic IP address. If no private IP address is specified, the Elastic IP address is associated with the primary private IP address. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-create-image

***
Creates an Amazon EBS-backed AMI from an Amazon EBS-backed instance that is either running or stopped.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-create-image`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| name | A name for the new image. | Required | 
| instanceId | The ID of the instance. | Required | 
| description | A description for the new image. | Optional | 
| noReboot | By default, Amazon EC2 attempts to shut down and reboot the instance before creating the image. If the noReboot option is set, Amazon EC2 wont shut down the instance before creating the image. When this option is used, file system integrity on the created image cant be guaranteed. Possible values are: True, False. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.EC2.Images.ImageId | string | The ID of the new AMI. | 
| AWS.EC2.Images.Name | string | The name of the new AMI. | 
| AWS.EC2.Images.InstanceId | string | The ID of the instance. | 

> | AWS.EC2.Images.Region | string | The aws region where the image is located. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.EC2.Images.Region | string | The AWS region where the image is located. | 
```

| AWS.EC2.Volumes.Modification.Progress | string | Modification progress from 0 to 100%. | 
| AWS.EC2.Volumes.Modification.StartTime | date | Modification start time. | 
| AWS.EC2.Volumes.Modification.EndTime | date | Modification completion or failure time. | 
| AWS.EC2.Volumes.AccountId | string | The ID of the AWS account with which the EC2 instance is associated. This key is only present when the parameter "AWS organization accounts" is provided. | 

### aws-ec2-create-tags

***
Adds or overwrites one or more tags for the specified Amazon EC2 resource or resources.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-create-tags`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| resources | The IDs of one or more resources to tag. For example, ami-1a2b3c4d. | Required | 
| tags | One or more tags. | Required | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| availabilityZone | The Availability Zone in which to create the volume. Use DescribeAvailabilityZones to list the Availability Zones that are currently available to you. | Required | 
| encrypted | Specifies whether the volume should be encrypted. Possible values are: True, False. | Optional | 
| iops | The number of I/O operations per second (IOPS) to provision for the volume, with a maximum ratio of 50 IOPS/GiB. Range is 100 to 32000 IOPS for volumes in most regions. | Optional | 
| kmsKeyId | An identifier for the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to use when creating the encrypted volume. This parameter is only required if you want to use a non-default CMK; if this parameter is not specified, the default CMK for EBS is used. If a KmsKeyId is specified, the Encrypted flag must also be set. | Optional | 
| size | The size of the volume, in GiBs. | Optional | 
| snapshotId | The snapshot from which to create the volume. | Optional | 
| volumeType | The volume type. Possible values are: standard, io1, gp2, sc1, st1. | Optional | 
| tags | One or more tags.Example key=Name,value=test;key=Owner,value=Bob. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| AWS.EC2.Instances.Tags.Key | string | The key of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.Instances.Tags.Value | string | The value of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.Instances.VirtualizationType | string | The virtualization type of the instance. | 
| AWS.EC2.Instances.AccountId | string | The ID of the AWS account with which the EC2 instance is associated. This key is only present when the parameter "AWS organization accounts" is provided. | 

### aws-ec2-waiter-instance-running

***
A waiter function that runs every 15  seconds until a successful state is reached.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-waiter-instance-running`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filter | One or more filters. See documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| instanceIds | One or more instance IDs. Sepreted by comma. | Optional | 
| waiterDelay | The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Default 15. | Optional | 
| waiterMaxAttempts | The maximum number of attempts to be made. Default 40. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-waiter-instance-status-ok

***
A waiter function that runs every 15  seconds until a successful state is reached.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-waiter-instance-status-ok`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filter | One or more filters. See documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| instanceIds | One or more instance IDs. Seprated by comma. | Optional | 
| waiterDelay | The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Default 15. | Optional | 
| waiterMaxAttempts | The maximum number of attempts to be made. Default 40. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-waiter-instance-terminated

***
A waiter function that runs every 15  seconds until a successful state is reached.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-waiter-instance-terminated`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filter | One or more filters. See documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| instanceIds | One or more instance IDs. Seprated by comma. | Optional | 
| waiterDelay | The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Default 15. | Optional | 
| waiterMaxAttempts | The maximum number of attempts to be made. Default 40. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-waiter-image-available

***
A waiter function that waits until image is avilable.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-waiter-image-available`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| imageIds | One or more image IDs. Sperated by comma. | Optional | 
| owners | Filters the images by the owner. Specify an AWS account ID, self (owner is the sender of the request), or an AWS owner alias (valid values are amazon \| aws-marketplace \| microsoft ). Omitting this option returns all images for which you have launch permissions, regardless of ownership. | Optional | 
| executableUsers | Scopes the images by users with explicit launch permissions. Specify an AWS account ID, self (the sender of the request), or all (public AMIs). | Optional | 
| waiterDelay | The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Default 15. | Optional | 
| waiterMaxAttempts | The maximum number of attempts to be made. Default 40. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-waiter-snapshot_completed

***
A waiter function that waits until the snapshot is complate.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-waiter-snapshot_completed`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| ownerIds | Returns the snapshots owned by the specified owner. Multiple owners can be specified. Sperated by comma. | Optional | 
| snapshotIds | One or more snapshot IDs. Sperated by comma. | Optional | 
| restorableByUserIds | One or more AWS accounts IDs that can create volumes from the snapshot. | Optional | 
| waiterDelay | The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Default 15. | Optional | 
| waiterMaxAttempts | The maximum number of attempts to be made. Default 40. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### aws-ec2-get-latest-ami

***
Get The latest AMI.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-get-latest-ami`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
| owners | Filters the images by the owner. Specify an AWS account ID, self (owner is the sender of the request), or an AWS owner alias (valid values are amazon \| aws-marketplace \| microsoft ). Omitting this option returns all images for which you have launch permissions, regardless of ownership. | Optional | 
| executableUsers | Scopes the images by users with explicit launch permissions. Specify an AWS account ID, self (the sender of the request), or all (public AMIs). | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| sourceImageId | The ID of the AMI to copy. | Required | 
| sourceRegion | The name of the region that contains the AMI to copy. | Required | 
| description | A description for the new AMI in the destination region. | Optional | 
| encrypted | Specifies whether the destination snapshots of the copied image should be encrypted. The default CMK for EBS is used unless a non-default AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) CMK is specified with KmsKeyId . Possible values are: True, False. | Optional | 
| kmsKeyId | An identifier for the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to use when creating the encrypted volume. This parameter is only required if you want to use a non-default CMK; if this parameter is not specified, the default CMK for EBS is used. If a KmsKeyId is specified, the Encrypted flag must also be set. | Optional | 
| clientToken | nique, case-sensitive identifier you provide to ensure idempotency of the request. | Optional | 

> | region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| region | The AWS region. If not specified, the default region will be used. | Optional | 
```

| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.SnapshotId | string | The ID of the new snapshot. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.Region | string | The Region where the snapshot is located. | 
| AWS.EC2.Snapshots.AccountId | string | The ID of the AWS account with which the EC2 instance is associated. This key is only present when the parameter "AWS organization accounts" is provided. | 

### aws-ec2-describe-reserved-instances

***
Describes one or more of the Reserved Instances that you purchased.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-describe-reserved-instances`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filters | One or more filters separated by ';'. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_Filter.html) for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

> | filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filters | One or more filters separated by ';'. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_Filter.html) for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

> | filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filters | One or more filters separated by ';'. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_Filter.html) for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

> | filters | One or more filters Separated by ';'. See AWS documentation for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filters | One or more filters separated by ';'. See the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_Filter.html) for details &amp; filter options. | Optional | 
```

| AWS.EC2.TrafficMirrorSession.Tags.Key | String | The key of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.TrafficMirrorSession.Tags.Value | String | The value of the tag. | 
| AWS.EC2.TrafficMirrorSession.ClientToken | String | Unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request. | 
| AWS.EC2.TrafficMirrorSession.AccountId | string | The ID of the AWS account with which the EC2 instance is associated. This key is only present when the parameter "AWS organization accounts" is provided. | 

### aws-ec2-revoke-security-group-egress-rule

***
Removes egress rule from a security group. To remove a rule, the values that you specify (for example, ports) must match the existing rule's values exactly.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-revoke-security-group-egress-rule`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| groupId | The ID of the security group. | Required | 

> | IpPermissionsfromPort | The start of port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP/ICMPv6 type number. A value of -1 indicates all ICMP/ICMPv6 types. If you specify all ICMP/ICMPv6 types, you must specify all codes. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IpPermissionsfromPort | The start of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP/ICMPv6 type number. A value of -1 indicates all ICMP/ICMPv6 types. If you specify all ICMP/ICMPv6 types, you must specify all codes. | Optional | 
```

> | IpPermissionsToPort | The end of port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP/ICMPv6 code. A value of -1 indicates all ICMP/ICMPv6 codes. If you specify all ICMP/ICMPv6 types, you must specify all codes. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IpPermissionsToPort | The end of the port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP/ICMPv6 code. A value of -1 indicates all ICMP/ICMPv6 codes. If you specify all ICMP/ICMPv6 types, you must specify all codes. | Optional | 
```

| IpPermissionsIpProtocol | The IP protocol name (tcp, udp, icmp, icmpv6) or number. | Optional | 
| IpRangesCidrIp | The IPv4 CIDR range. You can either specify a CIDR range or a source security group, not both. To specify a single IPv4 address, use the /32 prefix length. | Optional | 

> | IpRangesDescription | A description for the security group rule that references this IPv4 address range.Constraints: Up to 255 characters in length. Allowed characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, spaces, and ._-:/()#,@[]+=;{}$*!. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IpRangesDescription | A description for the security group rule that references this IPv4 address range. Constraints: Up to 255 characters in length. Allowed characters are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, spaces, and ._-:/()#,@[]+=;{}$*!. | Optional | 
```

| UserIdGroupPairsPeeringStatus | The status of a VPC peering connection, if applicable. | Optional | 
| UserIdGroupPairsUserId | The ID of an AWS account. For a referenced security group in another VPC, the account ID of the referenced security group is returned in the response. If the referenced security group is deleted, this value is not returned. [EC2-Classic] Required when adding or removing rules that reference a security group in another AWS account. | Optional | 
| UserIdGroupPairsVpcId | The ID of the VPC for the referenced security group, if applicable. | Optional | 
| UserIdGroupPairsVpcPeeringConnectionId | The ID of the VPC peering connection, if applicable. | Optional | 
| region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

> | IpPermissionsFull | Full IpPermissions argument as a string to more easily target rules (e.x. """[{"IpProtocol": "-1", "IpRanges": [{"CidrIp": "0.0.0.0/0"}], "Ipv6Ranges": [], "PrefixListIds": [], "UserIdGroupPairs": []}]"""). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IpPermissionsFull | Full IpPermissions argument as a string to more easily target rules (for example, """[{"IpProtocol": "-1", "IpRanges": [{"CidrIp": "0.0.0.0/0"}], "Ipv6Ranges": [], "PrefixListIds": [], "UserIdGroupPairs": []}]"""). | Optional | 
```
